# ZPL Command: ~DS (Download Scalable Font)

## Description
The ~DS command is used to set the printer to receive a downloadable scalable font and defines the size of the font in bytes. ~DS is used for downloading Intellifont data to the printer. For downloading TrueType fonts, see ~DT on page 128.

The ~DS command, and its associated parameters, is the result of converting a vendor-supplied font for use on a Zebra printer. To convert this font use the ZTools utility.

## Format
```
~DSd:o.x,s,data
```

## Parameters
| Parameter | Description | Accepted Values | Default Value |
|-----------|-------------|----------------|---------------|
| **d** | Device to store font | R:, E:, B:, and A: | R: |
| **o** | Font name | 1 to 8 alphanumeric characters | If a name is not specified, UNKNOWN is used |
| **x** | Extension | .FNT (fixed value) | .FNT |
| **s** | Size of font in bytes | This number is generated by ZTools and should not be changed | - |
| **data** | ASCII hexadecimal string that defines font | This number is generated by ZTools and should not be changed | - |

## Examples
This example shows the first three lines of a scalable font that was converted using the ZTools program and is ready to be downloaded to the printer. If necessary, the destination and object name can be changed:

```
~DSB:CGTIMES.FNT,37080,
OOFFOOFFOOFFOOFF
FFOAECB28FFFOOFF
```

## Important Notes
- Downloaded scalable fonts are not checked for integrity. If they are corrupt, they cause unpredictable results at the printer
- The ~DS command is specifically for downloading Intellifont data to the printer
- Use the ZTools utility to convert vendor-supplied fonts for use on Zebra printers
- The size and data parameters are generated by ZTools and should not be modified manually
- Font files are saved with a .FNT extension
- For TrueType fonts, use the ~DT command instead

---
*Source: ZPL Programming Guide Volume One (45541L-002 Rev. A)*